{
"name" : "h4",
"type" : "Component"
"category": “Form Controls”
"version" : "1.0.0",
"averageRating" : 1,
"description" : "Used to define html headings. It defines the fourth most important heading.",
"guide" : "”,
"platformSupportVersion" : "4.0.0",
"publisher" : "Prashanth",
}

## Guide: 
### Overview: 
Headings defines six levels of headings. The heading elements are H1, H2, H3, H4, H5, and H6 with H1 being the highest (or most important) level and H6 the least.

#### Usage
H4 component is used to display the fourth most important heading.

#### How to use:   
- Drag and drop the component. 
- Double click the component to display the list of attributes that can be used with it.
- Fill the attributes which are needed and save the page.

#### Example: 
Input the component field with the attribute value:
``` 
h4text = Heading 4
Class = h4
```
Save it and run.
When the page is loaded the value h4text = Heading 4, will be the heading that is displayed. And "Class = h4" is the class name that can be used to point in a style sheet.

Here is an example of how different headings from h1 to h6 looks like.
# Heading 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3
#### Heading 4
##### Heading 5
###### Heading 6

### Associated Attributes:
**style:** Used to specify the inline style.
**class:** it specifies one or more class names for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet.
**H4text:** Specifies the text to be displayed inside the heading.

### Support 
**Devices:** Android, iOS
**Browsers:** Latest version of all modern browsers

**Dependencies version:**
- **Angular CLI version:** 5.0.0 + 
- **Cordova version:** 7.1.0 +

